// TOEFL IBT HOMEWORKS.

-----A)

1- please write and introduction paragraph for each topic and share them on the writing group:

a)  do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
    all school teachers should be required to take courses every five years to update their knowledge.

    in this advancing and developed world, every teenage and children have to had very specific learns and
educating pathway since it widely affects various aspects of their future living. i belive that school teachers play
a prime roles on all the way but the they might be a actors for a education system of goverments. whatever the educators teach in a limited framework,
and they need to upgrade their knowledge about all manners of student's essentials.  
in this regard there is an argument wheter the school teachers should take new courses every five years or not!
these days it seams that some education system executive board contend that children whould grow with outdated content.
i personally assert that good teacher has related selfstudies. i will my viewpoint hereunder.
    
   in the past, communications and networks were not involved while the more teachers used to training proficency in the nuture
and physical environment, although accessing to the new information was harder than todays with the developed and sofiphisticated
connection these are links between universities and the internet and every individual could find a answer of the question in it's mind.
first and formost, educators should clarify every student's ambiguities with a role that theirs trainers could intuition directy.
the graders should achive all schoolarship's courses and have they are persuading to collect all matters these are need to mature their abilities
regard to individual's talent and interests.
futhermore, 

b)  some people think university professors should spend more time doing research while other think they should spend more time educationg students.
    what is your view?

    In this advancing and developed world, every moment the human's knowledge is changing
and it's important also it foundamentaly effects on all sciences and philosophy of life.
there is an argument whatever the academians and educators need examinating
and investigating new reaserch papers and theories, they are teaching and
translation a new thinking about physics to new university students. 
in this regards, in this line, one of the question usually raised regarding 
importance of research and learning together is whether university professors should pay attention
to how to guide their learner to expend techs and preserve science to them. i belive that 
a university profession maigh be have greate education occupation for students.
 the following reasons will substantiate my viewpoint.
    

c)  a university education should always include an internship or some type of a work experience.
    do you agree or disagree. provide some reasons and example for your answer.
    
    In this progressive and complicated world, the learning courses
during higher degree for the graduated individuals in university will have
a greate effect on their jobs and life's skills future. there is an argument
wheter the academical communities may consider some practical segments
in the lesson's program chart. although, on the other side, some professors or studying managment assistants
have opposite viewpoint that higher level students just need theories
of the sciences. I personally assert that the lessons subjects had 
an atraction for any students to hold their mind to keep trying 
technical sessions in the labratories. i concur that internships can be
interesting for eager students. the following reasons will substantiate my viewpoint.



d)  do you agree or disagree?
    university students should take a variety of courses at college rather than focusing on one particular area.

    since human being with the complexity of science's branches developement from human's knowdedge makes depht of field in many areas of thinking.
this is common knowledge, it goes without sayin students might be in lead to studying and researching about philosophy in future.
dou to its importance of courses these are learned by the proffesors and their assistants not only support
all of the scientific data, but have precised depth of discovered informations.
in this regard, a question arises as to whether teachers should instruct sets of courses in college to nature student's wisdom.
on one side of the spectrum they try to accurate the student's mind to focusing in specific subject 
in my opinion students have to invested all the schoolarship then they admited for selecting the suitable field in higher education level.
i will my viewpoint hereunder.

