--1
motivator - general sentence

--2
restate the topic sometimes ask a indirect question show idea and comment contrast 

--3
thesis statement answer

paragraphs start with a tabs. motivator (1 or 2 sentences). restate the questions
(pose a question = 1 sentence). state first opinion (1 sentences).
show contrast and state opposite side (1 sentence).
thesis statement (1 sentence). blueprint (1 sentence).

1- do you agree wit the following statement? all high
school students should take a course in basic economics.

now days education (higher education) plays an important role in 
an individual's everyday life (job prospect, decisions, economic state, welfare, ...)
since (because, as) it widely affects various aspects of life (motivator.
one of the question usually (often, recently) raised regarding education is
curriculum (pose a question). i contend that this decision is quite reasonable (rational)
(thesis statement). the folling reasons would cogently illustrate this points (blueprint).

2- do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
young people* nowadays* do not respect their teachers* as much as they did in the past* !

    it goes without saying that since the dawn of civilization,
teachers have played pivotal roles in development of every society.
in this line they truly deserve to treated with higher respect (moltivator).
one of the questions regarding this (in this area) is whether educators(tutors, instructors) are losing respect from their students (pose a question).
some people are inclined towards the opinion that in general teachers enjoying their positions and reaciving more respect compared to the past.
nevertheless (transmission*), i believe that there are more and more cases of youngesters (the young) who insulted and humiliated their teachers. (thesis statement).
in the following paragraphs, i will aptly substantiate my own reasons (blueprint).

3- do you agree with the folling statement?
universities should offer online courses.

    offering quality courses really matters when it comes to students education in higher degrees.
university authorities (university executive board, educators, educationlists, academicians) need to
make sure  (ensure) the young receive high quality education. a controversial question which is often raised regarding  this idea is whether universities should continue only traditional courses. while some believe that learning and should be the only way of teaching. i am of the opinion that oneline courses can be a credible (reliable) 
alternative to face-to-face classes. i will justify my view point hereunder.

motivator - general sentences 1
-   in this progressive and sophisticated world, [ educational matters during high school ] play
a significant role in the lives of human being since they [ could help students to flourish in a more efficient way. ].

motivator - general sentence 2
-   with the progressive achievement of modernity
-   it is common knowledge, it goes without saying
-   it is so secret that
-   it is no mystery that
-   in today's world in the random era,[   ] is of great importance
-   in the increasinaly sophisticated world of the twenty first century
-   throughout history, human being has perpetually been concerned about
-   by and large (totally), it's established beyond doubt
-   one of the most important milestones of recent decades in the advent of
-   [   ] is a dormidable task and should be done precisely ( meticulously )

motivator - general sentence 3
-   since the dawn of civilization,[    ]
-   from the very dawn civilization.
-   throughout history, [   ] has played a prominent role (significant, crucial, critical, vital,
 outstanding, foundamental, substantial, integral, prime, considerable, invaluable)
in all societies for [  ].
-   due to its paramount (key) importance [    ]
-   it goes without saying that in such sophisticated world where the technology is growing so fast
 that it could hardly be believed [  ].

how to pose a question
-   in this regard, a question arises as to whether [   ].
-   one of the issues regarding [   ] is whether [  ].
-   in this respect, the obvious question is [" "].
-   in this regard, there has been a longstanding controversy amoung [  ] as to whether [   ]
-   there is an argument whether [  ]
-    in this line, one of the question usually (often, recently) raised regarding [ ]
is whether [    ]
-   there is an increasingly popular argument that [    ] (in this matter, in this regard, in this sense, in this vein, in this line, in this line of through, in line of argument)

restate the opinion (show contrast)
-   these days it seams that most people hold the opinion that [    ]
-   some people are inclined toward the opinion that [  ]
-   some people posses the conviection that [   ]
-   there is no doubt that [    ]
-   some people may hold the view that [    ]
-   however, some others may take an opposite viewpoint and believe that [  ]
-   although some may argue that [  ], other people hold the opinion that [  ].
-   while many people hold the opinion that [   ], other believe that [ ].
-   [   ] while others look at this concept through a different lens.

-   on one side of the spectrum
-   on the other side of the spectrum
-   on the opposite end of the spectrum
-   one one hand
-   on the other hand
-   on the one side,
-   one the other side

stating my own opinion (thesis statement)
-   i firmly believe that,
-   i contend that,
-   i think,
-   i believe,
-   i agree that,
-   i personally assert that,
-   i posit,
-   i feel,
-   i suppose,
-   i guess
-   according to me,
-   in my view,
-   in my opinion
-   in my eyes
-   in my idea
-   it seams to me that
-   from my perpective
-   from my point of view
-   from my view point
-   as far as i'm concerned,
-   personally, i think
-   i would like to point out that
-   my impression is that
-   it goes without saying that
-   my own feeling on the subject is that
-   i hold the view that,
-   i concur that
-   i'm if the opinion that
-   to my way of thinking
-   i would argue that
-   from my vantage point
-   i tend to argue that
-   i would like to explain why
-   i hold the idea that
-   i subscribe to the viewpoint that
-   i contend with the later way of thinking
-   i contend with the former way of thinking

transitions: nevertheless, nonetheless, however
adverbial clause: although, while

blueprint
-   in what follows, i will elaborate on my viewpoint
-   in the ensuing paragraphs, i will outline my perspective.
-   in the succeeding paragraphs, i will elucidate my reasons.
-   in the subsequent paragraphs, i will describe my reasons into more details.
-   the following reasons will substantiate my viewpoint.
-   the reasons to substantiate my point of view are elaborated upon hereunder.
-   in the following paragraphs, i will pinpoint the most outstanding reasonable.
-   i will vindicate my standpoint as follows.
-   in the following paragraphs, three conspicuous reasons will cogently illustrate this point of the view
-   i will my viewpoint hereunder
-   i will justify my viewpoint hereunder
-   in the following paragraphs, i will dlve into the most outstanding reasons.
-   i will explicate my viewpoint in the following paragraphs
-   the following reasons would cogently illustrate this point
-   the following paragraphs will aptly elucidate my perspective
-   i will elaborate on my idea through three noticeable reasons.
-   the following reasons will vindicate my viewpoint
-   i'll put forward (put forth, suggest) my reasons in next paragraphs
-   i will explore my reasons in the following essay
-   the following paragraphs will explore my viewpoint in more details
-   i will outline my reasons in following paragraphs

success is not an accident
your success is mine.


session three part one--------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
topic sentence - major support - example
topic sentence - major support - research and stats
opposite view - topic sentence- major support - example

topic sentences sample 1
do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
in the past , young people depended too much on their parents to make decisions
for them; today young people are better able to make decisions about their own lives.
1- firs and foremost, the advent of technology and abundance of books make it easier for children to make decisions.
2- as a second valuable point to mention about the extent of young people's making decision is that parent are more aware of decision make skill.

topic sentence sample 2
becouse modern life is very complex, it is essential for young people to have the ability to plan and organize.
do you agree or disagree?
1- to begin with, having a plan for the future actions and organizing them is time effictive.
2- futhermore, being able to plan and organize boost people's self-confidence


To start body paragraph 1 (transitions)--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
to begin with, (i am of the opinion that)
first of all
first
firstly
first, it is generally agreed that
the first exquisite (pleasing, charming, attractive) point topic
the first thing which is the most important from my point of view is
the first reason coming to mind is that
the first vital point to bear in mind is that
the first fact that makes me hold this belief is that
the first reason that supports my idea is that
the most significant reason (point) is that
first and foremost, let me point out that
first and foremost, without a shadow of doubt,
first and foremost, it is established beyond doubt that
first of all, on should take into account the fact that
the first remarkable (convincing, compelling, plausible, note worthy, striking) reason is that
one major reason is that
in approaching this issue, one should regard the idea that
it is widely accepted that
the most persuasive point is that
to commence (to begin with), one of the compelling reasons, which justify my thesis is that
to spell out the importance of

to start body paragraph 2 (transitions) -----------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
second
secondly
in addition,
additionally
moreover
furthermore
furthermore, it is established beyond doubt
alongside the first reason,
another equally significant point is
another equally salient (prominent) point in corroborating (support, confirming, validating) my stance (viewpoint) in this subject is that
another noteworthy point is that
another reason which deserves some words here is that
another equally noteworthy point supporting my perspective is that
another reason which should be taken into concideration is that
the second facet is that
the second noteworthy reason is that
the second significant reason supporting my idea is
the second reason (another reason) which deserves some words here is that
the second pivotal reason that is worth being taken into account meticulously is that
the second reason that i would like to mention is that
secondly, one can contend that
additionally, although
on the other hand, from my vantage point of view
however, one cannot neglect (underestimate)
however, nobody can play down the significant of
one should, nevertheless, consider the issue from another angle

to start body paragraph 3 (transitions) ---------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
the last but not the least,
the last but not the least point to be mentioned is that
the last but not the least reason justifying the claim is that 
in addition to the aformentioned reasons, there is another subtle point which must ne borne in mind
in addition, there exists the posibility that 
it should also be noted that there is a direct link 
finally,
finally, in addition to what was mentioned above
finally, nobody could underestimate the importance of
finally, it is an indisputable fact that 
finally, no one could neglect the fact that 
finally, yet importantly,
finally one should consider the fact that


write a topic sentence -------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
young people should try several different jobs before they take a long term careers.

first body paragraph-------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The first remarkable point to be mentioned is that selecting an occupation for course of life
may hinder the opportunity for youngesters to pursue their own interests. It is axiomatic that
even a lucrative job which easily pulls inexperienced individuals in to might not be
in line with one's attitude,values, preferences and life goal. moreover, owning a wrong job
confilicting with people's personality may adversely affects their satisfaction. engaging more in than
one occupationmay lead in discovering our talent, interests and values.
according to recent survey conducted in my country, satisfaction rate of employees are associated with
their former job experiences. the workers who felt strongly unfulfilled at workplace where at
the their first jobs while the other who were indicated as satisfied workers had already engaged in
many careers path. the first group of participants confessed that had not chosen their job mindlessly years ago,
they would have taken a job upon well suited with their traits. consequently, in order to
be content and fulfilled in workplace, certainly before selecting a life-time job, it is of greate importance
for unskilled people to involve in more than one job. in this context, they can consider whether the jobs
fit into their lives and match with their characteristics.


another reason which deserves some words here is that experiencing multiple jobs provides
an effective communication and networking skills. such invaluable experience certainly
helps the young to be open to many perspectives and also people with diverse backgrounds.
undeniably, working in different contexts, young people pragmatically learn vital strategies
to effectively communicate with others. having this craft, they can equip themselves to
build and strengthen their relationship with colleagues, employers and clients which result in
outstanding professional development. an example will illustrate this viewpoint much better.
working years through in various temporary professions as an accountant, market analyst and
public relations manager, my father partically broadend his own perspective about individuals
in various sectors of a company and possible issues they are likely to encounter in their to-do list.
finally, once he landed his last positio as a senior manager of a big mechanich company,
he quickly build rapport with his new colleagues and straightforwardly oversaw his own team members
with ranging functions in production, marketing and finance departments. as a result, his refreshing
attitude motivated all team to boost the company's profitability and they consequently won 
tremendous success in the short run. had not worked in different proffesions, he would not
have owned basic knowledge about a wide varity of perspectives and tasks to make and effective manager
to delegate work smoothly.